Marat and works
working
you are just tired too tired
long worked brain work foot
for example gave you gotta go jogging
the poet is my business to write poetry
they run you need to switch me
I can write again and it will appear
inspiration
how two two and how much to run
while the taste for life, I will not
resorted gift agent i'm a bully her
up but died
beware and for good reason he runs desperate
athlete barausse
not ignored they are mine or dick
steam running and regulating breathing
I send everyone the option well thought out
Who
what 's next powerful hunt
disgusted works and in the head solid
kishmish you can magicians bully aaaa foam
when treating looking to run forward not
parsed a
and where actually below his goal
art my girl art and
inspire it is not the result of prizes
and the other no side 1
You can hang them and bed
and donate the museum
can't you hear much more
to clean
I do not understand what a good
well, of course I put you
more you need energy too what
run start till x will be a masterpiece when he
finish run and start writing will
miracle
[music]
but
you are so so little is needed yet he
will write a lot every kilometer
will respond with ingenious lines as
disappeared route probably changed
disappeared
[music]
just have the opportunity to ask a couple
questions about what to transfer to a treadmill
which last season literally
no one knew defeat what you do
free time what is the reason for success that
i do in my free time subscribe
carcass is nothing special
wow somehow
[applause]
[music]
they can come to the valley